hello everyone i'm manuel de manuel and this
is another one of my theories in this theory
we will talk about the powerful animal sari
Let's start good, that's what I
I mean with the sharing and more powerful
because each sharing and is different and
has a different power but there is one of
them that is the strongest of all for
better explain my theory first that is
the sharing and they would think is a qe3
genkai that clan members possess
or chia unlike others just like
the ya q go from the jude clan to this one is not
get
It is activated when a few days suffer then
of this
sing the loss of love or
despair a certain chakra springs in
your brain that affects the optic nerve and
causes a change in his eyes
that is the eye that reflects the
feelings sharing and after
the first time this is used that
kiryienka and the person can use it
whenever you want the sharing am has
different phases the first one that is with
a meal the 2 that is with two quotes
and the third one that is with three quotes
but in sharing and can also
evolve to marketing sharing and but
to get it you have to kill your
best friend
there is also a more powerful phase that is
the margin to use eternal ingham those
are all the phases that they have but the
sharing can also evolve to
venegas the sharing am have many
skills and very powerful good now
let's start with my theory as we already know
it's normal for a chia to wake up
sharing and with a meal all have
done until his when he woke him up
for the first time it was with a meal and
then the sharing is evolving
but there is a person who did not wake him up
with a
vitoria as we already know in the mission that
had with lime almost before its supposed
death he awakened the sharing and now
you will say that as regards you with
two quotes is the sharing and more
strong is not only that but also
he woke up his marketing sharing and when
it was just a child
I think that death has the sharing and more
strong of all naruto with a single
sharing ar made half the world tremble
but here is another reason as we already know
we see the manga death and died
he gave his two eyes to kaka if it stings almost
respect the perfect susano at first
not even attempt to do the same
kill did it so fast nor sasuke
Death may not be the most
Naruto's strong but he still has
a lot of life
strongest of all and I already told you my
reasons for it to be good that was
I hope you liked the
video if you liked it and want to listen
more theories about one wiese naruto and
other animes subscribe is dedicated to
video I want to thank my
friend andres white for helping me with
this theory if you want they can add me
to my facebook the link will be in the
description if you have any idea that
I can speak in my next video
leave it in the comments
Excuse me if I have delayed to go up
videos is just that I almost do not have time
well that was all it says goodbye one day
manu until next time